c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\obj\Debug\ClientUI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\ClientUI.dll.config
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\ClientUI.dll
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\ClientUI.pdb
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\Auth0.AspNet.dll
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\Auth0.dll
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\JWT.dll
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\RestSharp.dll
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\RestSharp.xml
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\System.Web.Providers.xml
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\obj\Debug\ClientUI.dll
c:\users\mmourraille\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\obj\Debug\ClientUI.pdb
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\ClientUI.dll.config
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\ClientUI.dll
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\ClientUI.pdb
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\Auth0.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\Auth0.dll
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\JWT.dll
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\RestSharp.dll
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\RestSharp.xml
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\System.Web.Providers.xml
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\obj\Debug\ClientUI.dll
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\obj\Debug\ClientUI.pdb
C:\Users\mmourraille\Desktop\Git\PROYECTO_LAP\Proyecto_LAP\ClientUI\obj\Debug\ClientUI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
